Development Manager 
2nd, 3rd & 6th Floor, Tower 3, Warp Building, SJR I Park, EPIP-Zone1, Whitefield Road, Bengaluru- 560066, Karnataka, India

JR0136781
Position Type :

Full time
Type Of Hire :

Experienced (relevant combo of work and education)
Education Desired :

Bachelor of Computer Science
Travel Percentage :

0%
Are you curious, motivated, and forward-thinking? At FIS you’ll have the opportunity to work on some of the most challenging and relevant issues in financial services and technology. Our talented people empower us, and we believe in being part of a team that is open, collaborative, entrepreneurial, passionate and above all fun.

About the team

FIS are on an exciting journey re-engineering our core payments platform to be more cost effective, scalable and cloud ready utilizing the latest cutting-edge technologies. This journey will require the very best engineering talent to get us there as it’s not just a technical change, it’s a cultural change as well.

What you will be doing

We are looking to hire a top-class Development Manager to help us on our journey. You need to have a strong Engineering background with experience in designing and building highly scalable, loosely coupled, event driven, distributed systems. You need to be an expert in Java and have built systems using Kafka on premise or in the cloud. You should be capable of leading by example across all functions of the team including agile process adoption, software development, testing, TDD/BDD, DevOps & cloud. On starting you will immediately help recruit and build out top-class engineering teams in Bangalore and then help

Guide the team on our journey towards

Adoption of SAFe and its Agile process and practices
Fostering an engineering mindset within the team
Building systems out in the Cloud (AWS)
Adoption of DevOps best practices, tools and technologies

What you bring:

Previous experience as a hands-on software Engineer
Demonstrated accountability for a production service having contributed to that service build
Leading change in technical teams
Great communication skills (written and verbal)
Knowledgeable on Architecture and Design Patterns.
Knowledgeable on current technology architectures and approaches such as Event Driven Design, Domain Driven Design, Event Sourcing & CQRS  
Java, Spark, Spring, Kafka
Experience delivering products/services in the cloud (AWS)
Knowledgeable on BDD / TDD practices and have worked with these approaches in the past
Knowledgeable on DevOps best practices, technologies and tools (Ansible, terraform) having worked with these in the past.
What we offer you

• A competitive salary and excellent bonus potential

• A multifaceted job with a high degree of responsibility and a broad spectrum of opportunities

• A work environment built on collaboration, flexibility and respect

• Varied and challenging work to help you grow your technical skillset

Privacy Statement

FIS is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all personal information that we process in order to provide services to our clients. For specific information on how FIS protects personal information online, please see the Online Privacy Notice.

Sourcing Model

Recruitment at FIS works primarily on a direct sourcing model; a relatively small portion of our hiring is through recruitment agencies. FIS does not accept resumes from recruitment agencies which are not on the preferred supplier list and is not responsible for any related fees for resumes submitted to job postings, our employees, or any other part of our company.

#pridepass

Job Summary
Job Profile
Development Manager

Job Type
Full time

Recruiter Name
Dandu Chaitanya Krishna